9434 RFC Sending events to the BN messaging queue (#11835)
bcgov/entity: rfcs/rfc-bn-messaging-queue.md

				<careOfLine />
			</mailingAddress>
			<clientEvents>
				<eventCode>03</eventCode>
				<effectiveDate>2022-08-17</effectiveDate>
				<expiryDate>9999-12-31</expiryDate>
			</clientEvents>
			<relatedBusinessRegistrationNumber />
			<owners>
				<ownerIndividualName>
					<lastName>Wei</lastName>
					<givenName>Patrick</givenName>
				</ownerIndividualName>
				<ownerBN />
			</owners>
		</clientBasicInformationSearchResult>
	</body>
</SBNClientBasicInformationSearchResponse>
```

# Approach

Introduce a new queue entity-bn. This queue should handle both request based on the queue property. Queue should have a 
business identifier/ business_id and request type (This will be used to identify which api call queue should trigger).
Once registration filing is processed and business is created then entity-filer emits an event queue 
(entity.business.bn), then entity-bn inform BC BN Hub about this new registration and once that is processed 
entity-bn will emit an event queue (entity.business.bn) with request type (get-business-number) to itself, so that it
can try to get the BN from OneStop (In case of failure it can try multiple times). This way we can track which call get

> failed and no need to send information to CRA multiple times.

Reviewer: Typically what is the time frame with in which we decide that a call failed / how do we determine call failed? Should there a job that runs at predefined times to get the BN number?

Author: We get an error response from BC BN Hub (its not call timeout). I have considered the job in the 2nd option

					<addressDetailLine2 />
				</foreignLegacy>
				<municipality>VICTORIA</municipality>
				<provinceStateCode>BC</provinceStateCode>
				<postalCode>V8W3E6</postalCode>
				<countryCode>CA</countryCode>
				<returnMailIndicator>0</returnMailIndicator>
			</businessAddress>
			<mailingAddress>
				<foreignLegacy>
					<addressDetailLine1>940 BLANSHARD ST</addressDetailLine1>
					<addressDetailLine2 />
				</foreignLegacy>
				<municipality>VICTORIA</municipality>
				<provinceStateCode>BC</provinceStateCode>
				<postalCode>V8W3E6</postalCode>
				<countryCode>CA</countryCode>
				<effectiveDate>2022-08-17</effectiveDate>
				<returnMailIndicator>0</returnMailIndicator>
				<careOfLine />
			</mailingAddress>
			<clientEvents>
				<eventCode>03</eventCode>
				<effectiveDate>2022-08-17</effectiveDate>
				<expiryDate>9999-12-31</expiryDate>
			</clientEvents>
			<relatedBusinessRegistrationNumber />
			<owners>
				<ownerIndividualName>
					<lastName>Wei</lastName>
					<givenName>Patrick</givenName>
				</ownerIndividualName>
				<ownerBN />
			</owners>
		</clientBasicInformationSearchResult>
	</body>
</SBNClientBasicInformationSearchResponse>
```

> # Approach

Reviewer 2: I'm a little confused.  Are 1 and 2 options?  Or is the proposed solution to implement both a queue and a job?

Author: Yes. It's options. I initially thought the queue would be enough to handle these calls. But when I realized we need a buffer time (of at least 30 seconds) between 1st and 2nd call I thought of the 2nd option

Reviewer 2: I think the 1st option is nice in that we might get the BN number asap.  But I feel like the 2nd option is the safer and probably more reliable option.

Author: Yeah! I have the same feeling

Reviewer 3: we usually have both in place.
the job could open a q msg to poll if you wanted to keep the same mechanism and a count of tries
-or-
as is done in our other queues, raise it as an error which puts it back on the queue for a retry. keep a count of the retries and bail with an ops level error message to Sentry for manual intervention.

- Start Date: 2022-04-07
- Target Major Version:
- Reference Issues: [9434](https://github.com/bcgov/entity/issues/9434)
- Entity Issue: 
- Implementation PR: (leave this empty)

# Summary

This RFC outlines how to send SP/GP registration details to CRA and receive BN (business number) back.

# Motivation

To provide a way for lear to send SP/GP registration details to CRA and receive BN (business number) back
without going through colin api.

# Detailed design

This RFC is to identify the way to inform CRA about SP/GP registration by using existing webservice called
OneStop/BC BN Hub in registry.

Lear make 2 calls, one to inform OneStop and another one to receive Business Number. It is possible to reduce it 
to single call but the response for that call may be longer that expected and might need to handle different errors. 
So the suggestion is to make the first call to create program account request and receive acknowledgement from OneStop 
and later make a second call to do basic information search request to get Business Number (Repeat the second call 
until OneStop receives the Business Number from CRA).

> The interation between OneStop uses XML/SOAP via HTTPS. Both calls mentioned below will be HTTP GET call to the 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The integration with OneStop uses XML/SOAP via HTTPS. Both calls mentioned below will be HTTP GET call to the
```

	</body>
</SBNClientBasicInformationSearchResponse>
```

# Approach

1. Introduce a new queue entity-bn. This queue should handle both request based on the queue property. Queue should have
a business identifier/ business_id and request type (This will be used to identify which api call queue should trigger).
Once registration filing is processed and business is created then entity-filer emits an event queue 
(entity.business.bn), then entity-bn inform BC BN Hub about this new registration and once that is processed 
entity-bn will emit an event queue (entity.business.bn) with request type (get-business-number) to itself, so that it
can try to get the BN from OneStop (In case of failure it can try multiple times and it has to wait for at least 30
seconds before making that call). This way we can track which call get failed and no need to send information to CRA
multiple times. We will have a table to track all the request with request xml and response xml and number of retires.

    ![entity-bn](rfc-bn-messaging/entity-bn.png)

2. Introduce a new job update-business-number. This job should run every 5 minutes. It fetch top 10 pending business

> number request from bn_request table (once the top 10 processed check for the next 10 until there is no pending request)

Reviewer: Agree with this approach although I am not sure whether the job should run every 5 mins considering the volume of applications we receive in a day . But that can be decided/changed later

Reviewer 3: could you leverage the existing business events subject, with another q listener?
you'd only need to process the CloudEvent that was a registration type.
